Thomas Chang-Davidson
COMP 20 Lab 8: Finalizing Your Learning Portfolio (Reflection)

What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)

The purpose of this git repository is to save all our work for future reference.
It allows us to have all our work in one place to look back on. Also it's easy
to grade with the git repository. Finally, it teaches us how to use a key
professional tool.

What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?

While assignment 2 taught the useful skill and power of using APIs, my favorite
was assignment 3 because I found it really cool to be running a real web server.
It just felt the most substantial to me-- I was running a real server and it
felt like I had actually created it in a stronger way than assignment 2 despite
the fact that I used MongoDB and Node.js APIs.

How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?

This course was the most significant professional growth for me. I learned many
useful skills: git, APIs, and web programming in general. While I may forget
many specifics, the confidence to go out and learn new APIs will serve me long
into the future. Where I haven't grown is in my use of stackoverflow. I've been
using it since comp11 and I don't know how anyone could survive without it in
general. I was pretty self reliant and sought out answers on my own in this
course just like in any other computer science course. This isn't growth since
I did this before. This course forced me to use APIs, and now I know to use them
in the future.

What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two
examples as evidence.

The most important thing I learned in the course was the use of APIs. We used
the Google Maps API for assignment 2. A key lesson there is that it isn't
possible to write the code for everything you need. Making a map of that quality
isn't a realistic goal for us, but with Google Maps API, we can have one.
Another example was the XMLHttpRequest API. While we weren't directly told that
this is an API, Mozilla lists it under Web APIs (see
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API). All websites use the Web APIs
and together, they are incredibly powerful. APIs in general allow you to do so
much more than you can do on your own. In the modern world, to do anything
complex, you have to use APIs, so that's why using APIs was the most important
thign I learned in this course.

Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper
into?

Concurrency was the topic that intrigued me the most. While in class we only
touched on it with callback functions, our group project explored the Fetch API
which used promises, a cleaner way to handle concurrency and chaining tasks. In
general though, it felt like Javascript wasn't quite right for concurrency and
I'd like to delve deeper into concurrency.
